now that you're done with the Mike and
layups and and we've done some ball
handling now we're gonna put the two
together right here we got a recycle can
and a garbage can things that you can
probably find at your normal gym or you
can you actually you can use anything
that you can find at a park you know
when you don't have all the necessary
tools you got to be creative so what
we're going to do is we're gonna start
at half-court and from here to the to
the recycle bin it's gonna be a ball
handling drill so you're coming out head
up palm spread ready to make a move you
got to be balanced and ready to play so
you're coming out to the defender
depending on how this guy guards you you
want around this around five to six feet
away you want to start making a move and
you can use all kinds of different moves
but for right now I'm gonna show you the
inside out cross on my right hand to my
left so I'm gonna inside out cross and
now I'm already by this defender the
next thing is there's gonna be another
defender stepping up the game of
basketball isn't play one I want to play
five on five so now I got to get low I
got to protect the ball and I got to be
ready to explode to the basket I'm not
gonna be able to always take a normal
you know jump off my left foot and laid
up in my right hand there's gonna be
different times of shots that I might
have to be able to make so as I inside
out cross I stay low I'm coming at this
defender I need to shield the ball with
my body as I explode up I light it up
now normally I would go one side of the
other I'm gonna stay which stick stick
to this one side over here jog back to
half-court and ready to go again the
next move you're gonna do is gonna be a
crossover so you're coming at the
recycle bin about five feet you got to
start making your move so it's boom here
crossover now I'm gonna lay it up with
my left hand and now I'm gonna pick up
the pace
obviously I'll explain all the different
moves when I'm done but you're gonna do
this around five times you get your
heart rate up and you still be ready to
go
now the game is various tissue Allu i go
at the defender and you want to be able
to make all kinds of moves you can't
limit yourself to to one move so what I
would say to you guys is to practice all
the moves you can think of creative
things to do the more creative you are
in this game the better you're gonna be
now how we do the other side about five
times